add deep dive part 2 to blog (#60)
cilium/cilium.io: src/posts/2022-03-06-deep-dive-part-2/index.md

---
date: '2022-03-06T17:00:00.000Z'
title: 'Cilium Kubernetes CNI Provider Deep Dive: Part 2'
ogImageUrl: 'https://heise.cloudimg.io/v7/_www-heise-de_/imgs/18/2/9/5/4/2/1/8/cilium-diagramm-da030a781be5edc2.png?org_if_sml=1&q=70&width=1220'

> ogSummary: 'Learn about Cilium endpoints and how to apply L3, L4, and L7 network policies to Kubernetes workloads'

Author: ```suggestion
ogSummary: 'This video demonstrates Cilium endpoints and how to apply L3, L4, and L7 network policies to Kubernetes workloads'
```
